Add timeout to skopeo commands (#51)
release-engineering/iib: README.md

  `{registry}/iib-build:{request_id}`.
* `iib_log_level` - the Python log level for `iib.workers` logger. This defaults to `INFO`.
* `iib_registry` - the container registry to push images to (e.g. `quay.io`).

> * `iib_skopeo_timeout` - the timeout in seconds for skopeo commands run by IIB. This defaults to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `iib_skopeo_timeout` - the command timeout for skopeo commands run by IIB. This defaults to
```
